Release sage 2.0.0 (#418)
openforcefield/qca-dataset-submission: submissions/2024-12-12-OpenFF-Sage-2.0.0-Training-Optimization-Dataset-v1.0/README.md

# OpenFF Sage 2.0.0 Training Optimization v1.0

### Description

A quantum chemical (QC) dataset curated to train [OpenFF 2.0.0 Sage](https://github.com/openforcefield/openff-sage) forcefield, with reparametrized Lennard-Jones (LJ) and valence parameters, the latter relevent to this dataset. This QC dataset with the OpenFF default level of theory, B3LYP-D3BJ/DZVP, is used to benchmark Sage geometries and energetics. These optimized conformer geometries where used in conjunction with the QC dataset used to train one dimensional torsional profiles. This Generation 2 dataset increases chemical diversity when compared to Generation 1, which are of value to our industry partners. Large molecules (>20 heavy atoms) were also included, including more flexible molecules and a greater degree of conformational variation which provide intramolecular interactions.

### General Information

- Date: 2024 12 12
- Class: OpenFF Optimization Dataset
- Purpose: B3LYP-D3BJ/DZVP conformers applicable to drug-like molecules for OpenFF 2.0.0 Sage

> - Collection: OptimizationDataset

Author: It came with the template README.md file when I followed the User Quickstart instructions. Is this not needed now?

- Name: OpenFF Sage 2.0.0 Training Optimization v1.0
- Number of unique molecules       1025
- Number of filtered molecules     0 
- Number of conformers             3663
- Number of conformers min mean max 1.00, 3.53, 10.00
- Mean molecular weight: 261.38
- Max molecular weight: 544.64
- Set of charges: -2.0 -1.0 0.0 1.0
- Dataset Submitter: Jennifer A. Clark
- Dataset Curator: Simon Boothroyd
- Dataset Generator: Hyesu Jang

### QCSubmit generation pipeline

> - `generate-combined-dataset.ipynb`: A notebook which shows how the dataset was prepared from the input files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `generate-combined-dataset.py`: A script which shows how the dataset was prepared from the input files.
```
I'd also add `output.txt` since that's the output of this script.
